task 21 readyTime 10 dueTime 73 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 10 right time
task 68 readyTime 12 dueTime 77 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 13 right time
task 6 readyTime 15 dueTime 67 dispatch worker 8 timeStamp 15 right time
task 44 readyTime 16 dueTime 80 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 16 right time
task 91 readyTime 20 dueTime 84 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 20 right time
task 99 readyTime 30 dueTime 84 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 30 right time
task 14 readyTime 30 dueTime 92 dispatch worker 12 timeStamp 30 right time
task 33 readyTime 31 dueTime 100 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 32 right time
task 58 readyTime 35 dueTime 87 dispatch worker 15 timeStamp 35 right time
task 82 readyTime 47 dueTime 124 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 47 right time
task 25 readyTime 65 dueTime 144 dispatch worker 16 timeStamp 65 right time
task 4 readyTime 65 dueTime 146 dispatch worker 17 timeStamp 66 right time
task 43 readyTime 68 dueTime 149 dispatch worker 5 timeStamp 68 right time
task 66 readyTime 76 dueTime 129 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 101 right time
task 88 readyTime 85 dueTime 144 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 108 right time
task 34 readyTime 87 dueTime 158 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 108 right time
task 97 readyTime 95 dueTime 156 dispatch worker 8 timeStamp 108 right time
task 56 readyTime 95 dueTime 158 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 115 right time
task 18 readyTime 99 dueTime 148 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 123 right time
task 79 readyTime 109 dueTime 170 dispatch worker 12 timeStamp 125 right time
task 42 readyTime 166 dueTime 235 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 166 right time
task 26 readyTime 169 dueTime 224 dispatch worker 15 timeStamp 169 right time
task 8 readyTime 170 dueTime 225 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 171 right time
task 64 readyTime 171 dueTime 218 dispatch worker 17 timeStamp 173 right time
task 87 readyTime 173 dueTime 238 dispatch worker 16 timeStamp 173 right time
task 19 readyTime 179 dueTime 254 dispatch worker 5 timeStamp 179 right time
task 55 readyTime 186 dueTime 257 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 196 right time
task 96 readyTime 196 dueTime 239 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 202 right time
task 32 readyTime 200 dueTime 237 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 203 right time
task 77 readyTime 203 dueTime 260 dispatch worker 8 timeStamp 203 right time
task 9 readyTime 255 dueTime 324 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 255 right time
task 28 readyTime 261 dueTime 316 dispatch worker 12 timeStamp 261 right time
task 63 readyTime 262 dueTime 317 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 262 right time
task 41 readyTime 264 dueTime 321 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 264 right time
task 84 readyTime 265 dueTime 338 dispatch worker 15 timeStamp 265 right time
task 20 readyTime 278 dueTime 345 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 278 right time
task 36 readyTime 283 dueTime 344 dispatch worker 17 timeStamp 283 right time
task 95 readyTime 285 dueTime 336 dispatch worker 16 timeStamp 285 right time
task 54 readyTime 286 dueTime 347 dispatch worker 5 timeStamp 286 right time
task 72 readyTime 293 dueTime 360 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 294 right time
task 75 readyTime 353 dueTime 412 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 354 right time
task 11 readyTime 357 dueTime 410 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 357 right time
task 30 readyTime 358 dueTime 405 dispatch worker 8 timeStamp 359 right time
task 45 readyTime 359 dueTime 412 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 359 right time
task 93 readyTime 368 dueTime 441 dispatch worker 12 timeStamp 368 right time
task 83 readyTime 369 dueTime 420 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 369 right time
task 38 readyTime 383 dueTime 434 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 383 right time
task 16 readyTime 384 dueTime 429 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 384 right time
task 57 readyTime 385 dueTime 436 dispatch worker 16 timeStamp 385 right time
task 71 readyTime 387 dueTime 456 dispatch worker 5 timeStamp 387 right time
task 12 readyTime 448 dueTime 505 dispatch worker 17 timeStamp 448 right time
task 47 readyTime 448 dueTime 509 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 448 right time
task 31 readyTime 449 dueTime 504 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 450 right time
task 73 readyTime 450 dueTime 505 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 450 right time
task 85 readyTime 458 dueTime 523 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 458 right time
task 59 readyTime 471 dueTime 534 dispatch worker 8 timeStamp 472 right time
task 94 readyTime 475 dueTime 518 dispatch worker 15 timeStamp 475 right time
task 17 readyTime 475 dueTime 528 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 475 right time
task 74 readyTime 478 dueTime 551 dispatch worker 12 timeStamp 478 right time
task 39 readyTime 479 dueTime 522 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 479 right time
task 62 readyTime 531 dueTime 610 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 531 right time
task 10 readyTime 534 dueTime 605 dispatch worker 16 timeStamp 535 right time
task 46 readyTime 541 dueTime 600 dispatch worker 17 timeStamp 543 right time
task 29 readyTime 546 dueTime 593 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 546 right time
task 86 readyTime 555 dueTime 612 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 555 right time
task 98 readyTime 561 dueTime 622 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 561 right time
task 61 readyTime 562 dueTime 629 dispatch worker 8 timeStamp 567 right time
task 15 readyTime 567 dueTime 620 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 567 right time
task 40 readyTime 567 dueTime 624 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 570 right time
task 78 readyTime 574 dueTime 643 dispatch worker 15 timeStamp 574 right time
task 7 readyTime 621 dueTime 702 dispatch worker 5 timeStamp 621 right time
task 27 readyTime 622 dueTime 701 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 626 right time
task 49 readyTime 632 dueTime 693 dispatch worker 16 timeStamp 632 right time
task 65 readyTime 632 dueTime 693 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 640 right time
task 89 readyTime 645 dueTime 708 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 645 right time
task 101 readyTime 647 dueTime 726 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 650 right time
task 60 readyTime 651 dueTime 740 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 656 right time
task 13 readyTime 652 dueTime 721 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 662 right time
task 37 readyTime 665 dueTime 716 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 666 right time
task 80 readyTime 668 dueTime 731 dispatch worker 12 timeStamp 668 right time
task 52 readyTime 725 dueTime 786 dispatch worker 15 timeStamp 725 right time
task 5 readyTime 727 dueTime 782 dispatch worker 5 timeStamp 727 right time
task 24 readyTime 732 dueTime 777 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 732 right time
task 69 readyTime 734 dueTime 777 dispatch worker 16 timeStamp 734 right time
task 90 readyTime 737 dueTime 802 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 737 right time
task 100 readyTime 743 dueTime 820 dispatch worker 17 timeStamp 743 right time
task 35 readyTime 751 dueTime 816 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 751 right time
task 81 readyTime 769 dueTime 820 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 769 right time
task 23 readyTime 812 dueTime 883 dispatch worker 10 timeStamp 812 right time
task 51 readyTime 815 dueTime 880 dispatch worker 8 timeStamp 816 right time
task 3 readyTime 825 dueTime 870 dispatch worker 11 timeStamp 825 right time
task 67 readyTime 826 dueTime 875 dispatch worker 13 timeStamp 826 right time
task 92 readyTime 836 dueTime 889 dispatch worker 12 timeStamp 836 right time
task 2 readyTime 912 dueTime 967 dispatch worker 15 timeStamp 913 right time
task 53 readyTime 912 dueTime 969 dispatch worker 5 timeStamp 913 right time
task 22 readyTime 914 dueTime 965 dispatch worker 14 timeStamp 914 right time
task 70 readyTime 916 dueTime 969 dispatch worker 9 timeStamp 917 right time
task 76 readyTime 997 dueTime 1068 dispatch worker 17 timeStamp 997 right time
task 50 readyTime 1001 dueTime 1066 dispatch worker 6 timeStamp 1001 right time
task 48 readyTime 1054 dueTime 1127 dispatch worker 7 timeStamp 1054 right time